hello to all and john and on
finds himself today for a new
this is just the ps4
which relatively silent can
listen to it there and in fact we surrender
account that if I play a little bit at
multiplayer battlefield partly
quick
it goes very quickly in ventilation
I certainly understood editing if it's
too long but wanted to pose the camera
right there and I would get it back once
that the loading is done and that
hear the ventilation gets going
relatively strong en route
good
dance well
that's not five minutes of play and
we already hear it
I do not know if you hear a lot
sorry for the shooting is
enough
he is there
10 seconds input
we are doing that already with
battlefield 4 also with others
two little psn games and that's right
if you do not have a headset on your ears
it is very very very noisy
so my goal is going to be there loose is
returned to the menu as could the
see and the ps4 still counts as much
so my goal is going to be just
to disassemble the console is changed the
thermal paste because I think that
must be what was wrong went who
sells heat cholet dissipation
in bad condition so right now I
the shades it slows down we'll get
find for a next tutorial
friends down we end up with the ps4
that was dismantled frozen dusty t
the entire ventirad was armored
dust at this level there before the
part the room is properly but to
that level three quarters of the
ventirad was completely clogged by
a cumulation of dust and dough
thermal was very poorly applied there
had on the middle of the processor a
hole and the four corners were not n
was not covered with thermal paste
so that's it's better pascal for the
console especially the middle part the
four corners it is not yet the most
annoying so here I am going to apply
correct layer of thermal paste
here
going on subway I put an equivalent
a small point
I put the equivalent of a pea and
we will simply replace the map
mother on the on the other side of the
casing so simply tilted
place correctly and that's your card
mother is handed
I will make a small dot on the
silence obtained after a change of
thermal and cleaning and I'll put that
at the end of the video here and listen to me
will do their editing quietly
I would put a link in the video on
how to disassemble his ps4 if ever
the envied takes you must know that you
lose the guarantee since I tried
the hair dryer method for
labels it's not perfect it's
really not perfect we see there are some
parts where there is where there is the part
black who is here and well I you
tell me just now
and now here we well after
launch of no permit have I can
tell you it's day and night
it's been a good ten minutes
play abf 4 and I do not have a single sound
ventilation
we are very very quiet we do not hear
not behind that warms it heats
but there is no over-ventilation
it's impeccable really I do not regret
not my choice
despite the fact that I lost the
warranty I think that it will not
long in the sense that the processor
takes less in the head compared to
the temperature that says they had to
have it here I'm still dubbed not a
Noise it's really I find my ps4
from the beginning I find a ps what have you
early I think that simply the
people who have problems with
relatively large breakdown on
bf 4 killzone and all the games that are
relatively heavy and that it does not
does not come from the dvd
I just think that there is a good
part of the dust that had to
accumulate on the ventirad and which
blocks the evacuation of hot air and
maybe also the thermal paste that has
been poorly applied
factory or who is simply from
less good quality that has a less
good conductivity of heat
well listen I hope this video
you liked another last shot
do not hesitate to share if it could
help if it makes you want to do
even or perhaps to wait until the end of
the guarantee for to do that and that's it
I'll see you soon for a neighbor
tutorial a gameplay video
go go over everyone